# NAME

muldis-d-ref\_eng -
Reference Implementation of Muldis D Over JavaScript

# VERSION

This document describes muldis-d-ref\_eng version 0.

# DESCRIPTION

This distribution features the JavaScript library named
```muldis-d-ref_eng``` and its support structure.

muldis-d-ref\_eng is the reference implementation over JavaScript of the
**Muldis D** language by the authority Muldis Data Systems
([http://muldis.com](http://muldis.com)), version number ```0.201.0.-9```.

The Muldis D language specification is under active development and its
latest version can be seen at
[https://github.com/muldis/Muldis-D/](https://github.com/muldis/Muldis-D/).

The Muldis D language itself has as a primary influence the work of Chris
Date (C.J. Date) and Hugh Darwen whose home website is
[http://www.thethirdmanifesto.com/](http://www.thethirdmanifesto.com/).

*This documentation is pending.*

# DEPENDENCIES

*This documentation is pending.*

# AUTHOR

Darren Duncan - darren@DarrenDuncan.net

# LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

muldis-d-ref\_eng is Copyright Â© 2015-2017, Muldis Data Systems, Inc.

[http://www.muldis.com/](http://www.muldis.com/)

muldis-d-ref\_eng is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL) as
published by the Free Software Foundation
([http://www.fsf.org/](http://www.fsf.org/)); either
version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.  You
should have received a copy of the LGPL as part of the muldis-d-ref\_eng
distribution, in the files named "LICENSE/LGPL" and "LICENSE/GPL" (the
LGPLv3 is defined as the terms of the GPLv3 plus extra permissions); if
not, see [http://www.gnu.org/licenses/](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/).

If it is not feasible for you to employ muldis-d-ref\_eng subject to the
terms of the LGPL, then the copyright holder of muldis-d-ref\_eng can
provide you a customized proprietary license, often at no cost, so that it
is still possible for you to employ muldis-d-ref\_eng to meet your needs.

Any versions of muldis-d-ref\_eng that you modify and distribute must carry
prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any
changes, in addition to preserving this original copyright notice and other
credits.  muldis-d-ref\_eng is distributed in the hope that it will be
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

While it is by no means required, the copyright holder of muldis-d-ref\_eng
would appreciate being informed any time you create a modified version of
muldis-d-ref\_eng that you are willing to distribute, because that is a
practical way of suggesting improvements to the standard version.
